How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    diif tells what line is removed and what is added in a section, so you know that the line has some changes which might lead to bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    You can see and remember what might be a mistake from the past and won't do it again in the future. Also you can compare versions of your file if a mistake happens to find out what causes the mistake.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    pros of manually: You know exactly what you commit, and it will be faster when you want to compare versions of your files.
    cons of manually: Might forget to commit.
    pros of auto: It makes sure you will have all versions of your files. 
    cons of auto: Might have too many versions of files, making it hard when choosing what versions to be compared. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    Because those files like Google Docs don't need other files in order to be excuteable.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    Use git log to see a list of recent commits. Use git diff to see different between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    It keeps old versions of your files so you can revert to an old version of your files when a bug was introduced.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    I want to use git for projects I download from the Internet.
