When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I am working on a project that involves many project members so everyone can have easy access to the files.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because allowing git to pull changes automatically could result in the presence of unwanted commits or branches on my local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branche is a concept that involves only 1 repository. Clone is to make another repository out of an existing repository. Fork is a github concept that clones an exsiting repository within GitHub servers. The new(fork) repository also resides in GitHub servers. Use branch when have a permission to make changes on the repository otherwise use fork or clone.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

When the next pull occurs, git knows where to put new changes from the server onto the local machine instead of having to track from the start to search for the first commit that makes these two(local and remote) branches differ.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would store all the files of a project in a server and allow everyone to access that server. This way no one has to bother with git commands, but it comes at a cost such as having no backup.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When I want to develop a new feature in a collaborative project I would make a new branch and then merge it into the master when it's finished. Doing so makes sure that no one would pull an in-development code that might contain bugs into their code. The master branch remains intact.
But If I were to develop the new feature right in the master branch, I wouldn't have to switch between branches many times which might reduce some accidental mistakes. Only the master branch I have to maintain.
